Update README.md (#5)
LibreCodeCoop/nginx-proxy: README.md

```bash
git clone https://github.com/LibreCodeCoop/nginx-proxy ~/projects/nginx-proxy
```

> * Create an external network, which will receive traffic on ports 80 and 443

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create an external network to plug services that you need to receive a request from proxy
```

Isn't only to 80 or 443 ports, could be any port

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```
